---
title: '[CNN10] 3회차'
date: 2019-07-11 08:19:35
tags:
---

Since the U.S. Civil War / when American's used flowers to decorate the graves of their loved ones who died in battle, the country has paused to remember its fallen troops.  
> when 절이 남북전쟁을 설명해줌  
> 국가는 전사자들을 기리는 것을 멈췄다  

`The event that began as Decoration Day came to be known as Memorial Day`.  
> 데코레이션 데이로 시작했던 이벤트는 현충일로 알려지게 되었다  

It's not observed on the last Monday in May which fell on the 27th this year.  
> 5월의 마지막 주 월요일에는 관찰되지 않았다 

`Memorial Day is held in honor of` everyone who's died while `serving in the U.S. Armed Forces`.  
> 현충일은 경의를 표하며 개최된다  
> 미군에 복무중인  

Flags are flown.  

`Troops are saluted`.  
> 병사들은 경레를 한다  

Events, parades and ceremonies are held all across the country.  

Last Thursday before he left for a `planned state visit to Japan`, U.S. President Donald Trump joined First Lady Melania Trump in planting flags at Arlington `National Cemetery`.  
> 계획된 일본 국빈방문  
> 국립 묘지  

And on Monday, U.S. Vice-President Mike Pence was there participating in the wreath laying ceremony, visiting the tomb of the "Unknown Soldier" and delivering a speech `in which` he said that Memorial Day is the day that makes all other American days possible.  
>> in which 의 경우 in 을 문장의 뒤로 보내면서 해석해본다  

10 Second Trivia. The world's highest peak, Mt. Everest is named for whom?  

A British surveyor, a New Zealand mountaineer, an American explorer or an Australian geographer.  

Sir George Everest or Everest was a British surveyor who helped map India but Mt. Everest is named for him.  

It was New Zealand Sir Edmund Hillary and Nepal's Tenzing Norgay who became the first climbers `recognized for reaching Everest's summit`.  
> 에베레스트 정상에 오른것으로 알려진  

Since they did that in 1953, several thousand other climbers have reached the mountain top.  

Several hundred people have died on the mountain.  

That included 11 mountaineers who died in this year's climbing season making it one of the deadliest seasons on Everest.  

May is considered the best time to climb the mountain because the weather's usually a little better and the winds aren't as extreme as in other months.  

But a mountain guide told CNN that this year's weather hasn't been great and that `it's left a limited window of days that are good for climbing`.  
> 등반하기 좋은 날들이 제한되어 있다  

`Combine that with overcrowding on the mountain, a number of inexperienced climbers, and some expedition companies that may not be prioritizing safety and` you have the reasons why climbers say it's been particularly dangerous in 2019.  
> 산 위의 인구과밀, 경험없는 많은 등산가들, 그리고 안전을 우선시하지 않는 몇 탐험 회사들과 결합한다면  

The Nepalese government issued a record number of permits this year to Everest climbers.  

`Nepal is a poor country that benefits from tourism` but its government blames the companies offering guided treks to the summit for the deaths.  
> 네팔은 관광으로 이득을 보는 가난한 나라다  

`Whoever's responsible`, the pictures of crowds in places where the human body simply can't survive for long / clearly show part of the problem.  
> 누가 책임이 있든  
> 사람의 몸이 단순히 오래 버틸 수 없는 곳에서의 군중 사진  

(BEGIN VIDEO CLIP)

It's really quite striking to be looking at these images that climbers are posting on social media.  

That long trail of people during the final push to try to reach the summit of Mt. Everest and those photographs are from an area that's known as the death zone.  

And it's called the death zone because of the `levels of oxygen` there, the incredibly low levels of oxygen.  
> 산소 수치

Just a third of what you would find at sea level and this year we're talking about at least nine deaths happening during this climbing season which is really only a few weeks long.  

`On average` there are about five to six but a lot of climbers have been saying that this treacherous attempt is made even riskier because of the wait, about two to three hours.  
> 평균적으로  
> 이 말도 안되는 시도는 2-3시간의 대기시간 떄문에 더 위험하다는 등산객들의 말이 끊이질 않고 있다  

One British climbers `seems to have been well aware` of the risks.  
> 알고 있었던 것 같다  

Robin Haynes Fisher who died `on his way down` from the summit had posted to Instagram saying with a single route to the summit, delays caused by overcrowding could prove to be fatal.  
> 내려오던 길  

He had decided to wait to see `if he could hit a time` when there would be fewer climbers.  
> 만약 만날 수 있다면  

Other experts that we have been talking to are saying that the Nepalese government needs to do more.  

They say that it's baseless. That these deaths were caused by the backlog.  

They say that they are trying to `regulate who gets to go by insuring` that people who are issued permits have a certain level of experience but then all of `this is also being compounded`.  
> ~를 보장하면서 누가 가야할지를 규제한다  
> 이것 또한 복잡해지고 있다  

The risk is being compounded not just by the number of permits and the backlog but also by what many are saying, it is the lack of experience level among some of the climbers.  

And then all of these companies who are really trying to push forward to get their climbers to reach the summit that it is resulting in some cases in a lack of due diligence when it comes to care for the cliental and how commercial all of this has become.  

And one expert mountaineer who we were talking to was saying that unless something changes, every year he's expecting is going to be even deadlier.  

Arwa Damon, CNN, Katmandu.  

(END VIDEO CLIP)

Underwater.  
One of the places where you wouldn't want an Uber driver to take you unless of course, you ordered up a ride on the Scuber.  

This costs more than a ride to work. It's over $2,000 but for that money you get a car and helicopter ride to a mini-submarine and then you get a 

one hour underwater tour of Australia's Great Barrier Reef. It's part of a partnership between Uber and an Australian state to promote tourism. 

So if you're in Australia and the price doesn't "sink" your budget, you may want to "scuber" up the opportunity to tour the "Great Bariuber" Reef. 

It's a "drive" and a "dive", a "plunk" for a "plunge", a "trip" and a "dip" as long as you're not nervous below the "service". It could be the ride of 

your life that's "ubermemorable". I'm Carl "Azuber" for CNN.