---
title: 'CNN10 - May 30, 2019'
date: 2019-06-04 08:10:13
tags:
---

Hey. I'm Carl Azuz for CNN 10.  

This is our penultimate, or would you say "punultimate" show for the 2019 winter spring season.  

`It's great to have you watching, as always.`  
> 항상 그랬듯이, 시청해주셔서 감사합니다  

We start today in Southern Africa.  

A change has been made in the nation of Botswana, and it concerns elephants.  

Since 2014, it's been illegal to hunt them there.  

Botswana has an `estimated 130,000 African elephants`, more than any other African country.  
> 13만 마리로 추정되는 아프리카 코끼리

`It put the hunting ban in place in 2014` to help the animals recover from habitat loss and poaching when people kill them illegally.  
> 2014년에 사냥 금지령을 내렸다

Now, though, Botswana's government has eliminated the ban, which means elephant hunting is once again allowed there, `as it already is in neighboring nations`.  
> 이미 이웃 나라에서와 같이

`The idea is that` legal hunting will take place in the wilderness, far away from where people live.  
> ~ 할거라는 생각이다

The government says elephant populations are now stable, so they can be hunted, and it says that problems between residents and elephants had been increasing.  

Scores of people are killed or injured by elephants each year.

And a villager who spoke to CNN says the animals destroy crops and don't benefit the community.  

Conservationists, of course, have a different view, One told CNN that hunting is a, quote, "outdated practice which has no place in the modern world."  

And another said that allowing elephant hunting is like allowing people to shoot cats, dogs or great apes. 

But he also says that if elephant hunting is managed correctly, it won't affect overall numbers of elephants in Botswana.  

Poaching, however, can. 

There are signs that poaching's been on the rise in Botswana.  

It's carried out by people who hope to illegally sell the ivory from elephant tusks on the black market. 

It's not known exactly what kind of impact legal hunting will have on poaching or elephant populations as a whole, but it's something that Botswana's people, its government and conservationists will be watching.

---

`Ten Second Trivia`!  
`On a smart phone, captions, select-to-speak and magnification are all part of what settings category`:  
Accessibility, Network & internet, Appearance or Device connection?  
> 10초 퀴즈!  
> 스마트폰에서 캡션, 텍스트 음성 변환, 확대는 어떤 설정의 카테고리입니까?  

These are all common accessibility settings which makes computers more, well, accessible.  

OK, so yesterday, we told you about a robot that can walk packages to your doorstep.  

`We've covered the subjects on` drone deliveries, self-driving cars, robotic window cleaners.  
> 우리는 ~ 주제들에 대해 다뤘다  

`Technology is moving ahead at a feverish pace`, and `much of it is aimed at making everyday living easier or at least more automated`.  
> 기술은 빠른 속도로 발전하고 있다  
> 그것들 대부분은 일상 생활을 더 쉽게 또는 최소한 더 자동화하는 것을 목표로 한다  

But what about making everyday living more accessible for people with disabilities?  

How are robots in the internet of things, `when more and more items are connected to the internet`, how are they improving everyday accessibility?  
> 점점 더 많은 아이템이 인터넷에 연결될 때  

---

(BEGIN VIDEOTAPE)  

We need all stakeholders in our society to make technology available to all.  

People with no disability, they cannot really imagine `what that really means for people like me`.  
> 나같은 사람에게 그게 무엇을 의미하는지

There are 253 million `visually impaired people` in the world, and these people have been still using just a plain stick.  
> 시각 장애인

Cities can be difficult cases to navigate at the best of times.  

But for some with disabilities, they can turn into `guntlets`.  
> 중세시대에 있었던 일종의 형벌(사람들 사이를 뛰어 나와야만 하는.. 뭐 그런?)  

With nearly 200 million people globally experiencing a severe disability,  
stairs, curbs, train gaps, even crosswalks can be impossible obstacles.  

`But as devices grow smarter`, cities are becoming more accessible.  
> 하지만 기기가 점점 더 똑똑해짐에 따라

In fact, the assistive tech industry `will be worth an estimated $30 billion` by 2024.  
> 약 3천만 달러의 가치가 있을 것이다  

`That's up from $14 billion in 2015`.  
> 이는 2015년 140억 달러에서 증가한 수치이다

And when those with disabilities are around 40 percent less likely to be employed, access, of course, has a huge impact on the economy as well.  

It's very important to invest in our field because there's a multiplicator effect.  

If we develop new technologies it does not just help single person, it helps a large group of users. 

Three of the most cutting-edge examples are already changing lives. 

My accident was in Dijon with a motorcycle.  

In the first second, you know what happens.  

This is a new kind of wheelchair, but the main thing is you can climb up the stairs.  

You can go up the stairs by yourself?  

Genius, right?  

Jose, he wrote us, `about half a year ago`, an e-mail that he would like to test the wheelchair.  
> 약 반년 전에

Our goal is to develop a wheelchair that can climb stairs.  

Thank you so much. It's really good. You've done so well.  

It's working, isn't it?  

It's perfect. `I've almost got tears in my eyes`.  
> 눈물이 날 뻔 했어  

The goal was to make a really cool robot at the start, but then it switched over to developing this product, because we saw there was such a huge need for the people.  

That need is felt in cities across the world.  

In Paris, the European Union's largest city, only nine out of more than 300 metro stations have full disabled access as of 2019.  

I think there's a boom in the development of assistive technologies.  

Systems are getting more robust and smaller and smaller. 

These smaller systems are allowing assistive tech to become increasing wearable.  

I'm diagnosed with Bethlem Myopathy.  

It's a genetic disease.  
I lose muscle cells everywhere. I have not enough muscle strength to really hold me.  

Hi, Michael.  

Hey.  

I have the Myosuit for you to try.  

Oh, great.  

What we are developing as an exomuscle `is rather a system` that assists people that need extra force or extra assistance in their daily life.  
> 정확히 말하면 시스템이다  

You hear the motors of the system.  

So the way that the tendon is routed from the muscles here in the backpack, it's really extending the hip and the knee.  

So it's the same muscle groups that we use, this muscle that we need, the glutaeus and the quadriceps, to really extend both joints at the same time.

I really have this vision in mind to do a mountain hike with my son.  

My family thinks, "Yes, you are crazy, Michael." So I never really thought that I would do a marathon.  

You're a hero.  

Robotics does not only connect to the body of a person, but also to many other devices, which are connected via the internet of things.  

By 2025, there'll be an estimated 25 billion connections between these things around the world.  

`This will transform how devices operate within cities`.  
> 도시 내에서 장치가 작동하는 방식을 바꿀 것이다  

Unfortunately, I cannot name a single city as a perfectly disabled-friendly city.  

That's why we are trying to provide this independency for visually-impaired people. Welcome.  

Hi.

WeWalk is a smart cane developed for visually-impaired people.  

You can easily connect WeWalk to your smartphone, via WeWalk's application. 

And it's so joyful.  
You know, you can talk with your cane, and your cane is answering you.  

Choose navigation on the touchpad.

Navigation.   

Click it.  

Start.  

Another of WeWalk's capabilities is obstacle detection.  

Embedded in the handle is an ultrasonic sensor that maps the user's surroundings.  

If an obstacle is detected, the stick warns the user by vibration.  

`To me WeWalk represents the end of an ear and the start of a new one`.  
> 나에게 WeWalk는 귀의 끝과 새로운 귀의 시작을 나타낸다  

All of these technologies have had interest from other industries, indicating that the good health of the assistive tech sector can only be a good thing for society.  

`There's a lot of new movement and there will be a lot of new results`.  
> 새로운 움직임이 많으며 새로운 결과가 많이 있을 것이다  

We apply cool technology, robotic `technology which attracts many people who do not have a relationship to any kind of person with a disability`.  
> 어떤 종류의 장애인과 관계가 없는 사람들을 끌어들일 기술  

So it opens the minds of many people. 

(END VIDEOTAPE)  

Dierks Bentley isn't just the name of a country music artist, it's the name of a Golden Retriever, this Golden Retriever.  

And he's testing out the newest piece of equipment for a fire department in North Carolina, oxygen masks for pets aimed to help revive animals that have inhaled smoke, like in a house fire.  

And though each kit costs about $65, these were donated to the fire department by their local humane society.  

They come in different sizes, so they should fit "Airdales," Labrador "Rebreathers," long-"aired" and short-"aired" cats, and guinea pigs, like guinea pigs, potentially saving "oxygenerations" of animals, giving both piece of mind and a breath of fresh air.  

I'm Carl Azuz.  

We have one more show to go in this season, and we hope you'll join us again tomorrow for Friday's awesome edition of CNN10.  

<!-- more -->