---
title: '[english-study] CNN10 - 6회차'
date: 2019-08-02 09:59:12
tags:
  - CNN10
  - CNN10 영어공부
  - CNN10 2019-05-23
---

<iframe width="640" height="360" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/4qYDNs0sjYc" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>  

> 2:07 ~ 4:44

The European Union is a group of countries that `among other things` work together to create a single market.  
> 다른 무엇보다도

This allows goods, services and people to move between the member states, as long as they follow the rules and pay the membership fee.  

Broadly speaking, it works like this: The E.U. Council sets the agenda, led by a president, head of states from all member countries decide on the E.U.'s political direction, to discuss sensitive issues, as well as foreign policy.  

After that, three main law-making institutions run the union, the European Commission, the Council of the European Union and the European Parliament.

The commission, which manages the day to day running of the E.U., proposes new laws and ensures they're implemented once passed. It's composed of a 

president and commissioners from all member states, each heading departments with different policy priorities.

Then, the council and parliament vote on the proposed laws in the process in a process known as co-decision. In other words, they vote have to agree 

to pass any legislation proposed by the commission. The council is made up of ministers from each member state's governments. It will also help to 

coordinate each nation's policies. 

The parliament has 751 MEPs elected every five years by European citizens from all member states. Its main role is to supervise the work of the 

commission, debating and approving laws and also voting on candidates for the E.U.'s top job, president of the European Commission.

Founded in 1957, the European Union now represents more than half a billion people across 28 countries and generates an estimated 15 trillion in GDP 

per year.

The premise: countries that are economically linked are less likely to have conflicts. Now, E.U. citizens can live, work and do business in any of the 

member states. Nearly all of whom can travel and trade without passports or taxes. 

But despite a shared flag, anthem, institutions and currency, the E.U. isn't a totally happy marriage for many countries. Some have been affected 

differently by world events. There have been arguments over financial regulations, bailouts and different approaches to migration. Anti-E.U. 

parties have sprouted across Europe, with some are calling for their counties to withdraw from the union. Many of them fear the E.U. is taking 

away their national sovereignty and individual identity. 

But more than 60 years after it was founded, so far, only the United Kingdom has voted to leave one of the world's powerful unions.