---
title: CNN10 2019/05/31
date: 2019-06-27 10:32:15
tags:
---

It's being called a cold war in tech: The White House essentially blacklisting the second-largest smart phone maker in the world, China's crown jewel of high technology, Huawei, a symbol of the Chinese government's strategy to dominate high tech. 

It opens a new front in President Trump's trade war with China, barring Huawei from buying or licensing American parts, with ripple effects through 

global supply chains. American chipmakers can no longer sell to the Chinese without U.S. government licenses. Google has suspended updates for 

Android phones made by Huawei. 

The U.S. says isolating Huawei is a matter of national security. China says it is a victim of U.S. bullying. Now the Commerce Department issued 

limited exemptions for Huawei products, but the new tough strategy of confronting China remains in place overall. But the NASDAQ is still up 

this year an impressive amount. 

And even with tariffs and counter-tariffs, the NASDAQ is still higher than it was when the trade war began last summer, a testament to the resilience 

of stocks and, at the same time, a reminder of the risk to the down side. Now President Trump wants China to play fair. 

He wants China to stop stealing intellectual property from American companies and unfairly subsidizing its strategic industries. And he has 

more leverage to use. The White House preparing even more tariffs, affecting American products made in China, on everything from iPhones to 

sneakers.

(END VIDEOTAPE)

AZUZ: Ten Second Trivia. In the 1630s, Holland saw a market boom and bust centered on what flower: Rose, Tulip, Lotus or Poppy? Holland's 17th 

century frenzy was called tulip craze or tulip mania. Here's how that happened. Tulips from Turkey were introduced to the Dutch in the 1500s.

They were popular and in high demand, so the price shot up. Rare color patterns of tulips drove that price even higher, so much so that people 

started mortgaging their homes and estates to get bulbs that they hope to then resell at a profit. But the flower fades. In 1637, some began to 

doubt that they really would make more money on tulips, and they started selling them. 

Others followed. The tulip craze suddenly came crashing down. Entire fortunes were lost, and the event stands a reminder today about the risk of 

speculative investments. What better place to discuss this then at the world's largest flower action, a place not far from Amsterdam, where tens 

of millions of plants are traded everyday.

<!-- more -->